To Add Assest
Environment--->Assest
Actions--->Quick
Enter Name or IP or FQDN
Scan the newly added asset for details.
Save

Assests can be added through csv file as well.

CSV file must have this format

test1;this is a test assests;;true;true;1.1.1.1

Advanced Mode

By default it is off.

To activate:-

Environment--->Assets
enable the slider icon
Close



To see created events

Activity---Events
Locate the event name filter and select one of the filter 
Click the desired event to see the details
 


To Manage Assets Fields

Settings---> System
Click Asset Fields
New Asset Field
Add details
select a display priority
save


To delete Asset field

Settings--->System
click asset field
click the delete icon
accept


To Delete a Asset
next to the asset name click on the drop down icon and select delete asset
click delete



SOME NETWORK ALARMS MEANING

Network anomaly:- The definition of anomaly is “something that deviates from what is standard, normal, or expected.” Network owners need to have a concept of normal or expected behavior to identify an anomaly.

Bruteforce Authentication:- A brute force attack involves 'guessing' username and passwords to gain unauthorized access to a system. Brute force is a simple attack method and has a high success rate.

Anomalous User Behaviour:- Anomalous user behavior detection is the core component of many information security systems, such as intrusion detection, insider threat detection and authentication systems. Anomalous behavior will raise an alarm to the system administrator and can be further combined with other information to determine whether it constitutes an unauthorised or malicious use of a resource. This paper presents an anomalous user behaviour detection framework that applies an extended version of Isolation Forest algorithm. Our method is fast and scalable and does not require example anomalies in the training data set. We apply our method to an enterprise dataset. The experimental results show that the system is able to isolate anomalous instances from the baseline user model using a single feature or combined features.

Vulnerable software exploitation:- An exploit is a code that takes advantage of a software vulnerability or security flaw. ... When used, exploits allow an intruder to remotely access a network and gain elevated privileges, or move deeper into the network. In some cases, an exploit can be used as part of a multi-component attack.

Heartbleed attack:-Heartbleed is a security bug in the OpenSSL cryptography library, which is a widely used implementation of the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol.

Buffer over-read:- a situaton where more data can be read than should be allowed.

Website

www.abuseipdb.com
www.virustotal.com
www.google.co.in
www.test.com
